Docs: What's New content for v9.3 (#57991)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v9-3.md

Description. Include an overview of the feature and problem it solves, and where to learn more (like a link to the docs).

Add a screenshot to this enablement material folder and link to it here.

## Geomap panel

Generally available in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Free, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced

We have added a new alpha layer type in Geomap called photo layer. This layer enables you to render a photo at each data point. To learn more about the photo layer and the geomap panel, see the [documentation]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/#photos-layer-alpha" >}}).

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/geomap-panel/geomap-photos-9-3-0.png" max-width="750px" caption="Geomap panel photos layer" >}}

## Canvas panel

Available in beta in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Free, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced

We have added icon value mapping support. This enables you to dynamically set which icon to display based on your data. To learn more about the Canvas panel, see the [documentation]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas" >}}).

> {{< video-embed src="/static/img/docs/canvas-panel/canvas-icon-value-mapping-support-9-3-0.mp4" max-width="750px" caption="Canvas panel icon value mapping support" >}}

Reviewer: Hi @chri2547, I've added info for 9.3 release from edge squad. Thanks!

[Geomap image added here](https://github.com/grafana/website/pull/10847)

[Canvas video added here](https://github.com/grafana/website/pull/10852)

## New navigation

Available in **beta** in all editions of Grafana

Use Grafana’s redesigned navigation to get full visibility into the health of your systems, by quickly jumping between features as part of your incident response workflow.

As Grafana has grown from a visualization tool to an observability solution, we’ve added many tools along the way. This has resulted in pages that are visually inconsistent or hard to find. This nav update gives Grafana a new look and feel, and makes page layouts and navigation patterns more consistent.

We’ve revamped the navigation menu and grouped related tools together, making it easier to find what you need. Pages in Grafana now leverage new layouts that include breadcrumbs and a sidebar, allowing you to quickly jump between pages. We’ve also introduced a header that appears on all pages in Grafana, making dashboard search accessible from any page.

To try out Grafana’s new navigation, enable the `topnav` feature toggle. If you are a Cloud Advanced customer, open a ticket with our support team and we will enable it for you.

> **Note:** The Grafana documentation has not yet been updated to reflect changes to the navigation.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** The Grafana and Grafana Cloud documentation has not yet been updated to reflect changes to the navigation.
```

## View dashboards in Spanish, French, German, and Simplified Chinese

Generally available in all editions of Grafana

> We have added 4 new languages to Grafana: Spanish, French, German and Simplified Chinese.

Author: ```suggestion
We have added four new languages to Grafana: Spanish, French, German, and Simplified Chinese.
```

> With millions of users across the globe, Grafana has a global footprint. In order to make it accessible to a wider audience, we have taken the first steps in localizing key workflows. You can now set Grafana’s language for the navigation, viewing dashboards, and a handful of settings. This will cover the main activities a Viewer would perform within Grafana.

Author: ```suggestion
With millions of users across the globe, Grafana has a global footprint. In order to make it accessible to a wider audience, we have taken the first steps in localizing key workflows. You can now set Grafana’s language for the navigation, viewing dashboards, and some settings. This will cover the main activities a Viewer performs within Grafana.
```

> Read more about configuring the [default language for your organization](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/organization-preferences/) and [updating your profile](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/user-management/user-preferences/) in our documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
Read more about configuring the [default language for your organization]({{< relref "../administration/organization-preferences/" >}}) and [updating your profile]({{< relref "../administration/user-management/user-preferences/" >}}) in our documentation.
```

## Geomap panel

Generally available in all editions of Grafana

> We have added a new alpha layer type in Geomap called photo layer. This layer enables you to render a photo at each data point. To learn more about the photo layer and the geomap panel, see the [documentation]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/#photos-layer-alpha" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
We have added a new alpha layer type in Geomap called photo layer. This layer enables you to render a photo at each data point. To learn more about the photo layer and the geomap panel, refer to [Photo layers]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/#photos-layer-alpha" >}}).
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/geomap-panel/geomap-photos-9-3-0.png" max-width="750px" caption="Geomap panel photos layer" >}}

## Canvas panel

Available in **beta** in all editions of Grafana

Canvas is a new panel that combines the power of Grafana with the flexibility of custom elements. Canvas visualizations are extensible form-built panels that allow you to explicitly place elements within static and dynamic layouts. This empowers you to design custom visualizations and overlay data in ways that aren’t possible with standard Grafana panels, all within Grafana’s UI. If you’ve used popular UI and web design tools, then designing Canvas panels will feel very familiar.

> In Grafana v9.3 We have added icon value mapping support to the Canvas panel. This enables you to dynamically set which icon to display based on your data. To learn more about the Canvas panel, see the [documentation]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
In Grafana v9.3 We have added icon value mapping support to the Canvas panel. This enables you to dynamically set which icon to display based on your data. To learn more about the Canvas panel, refer to  [Canvas]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas" >}}).
```

> In Grafana v9.3 We have added icon value mapping support to the Canvas panel. This enables you to dynamically set which icon to display based on your data. To learn more about the Canvas panel, see the [documentation]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Grafana v9.3 we have added icon value mapping support to the Canvas panel. This enables you to dynamically set which icon to display based on your data. To learn more about the Canvas panel, see the [documentation]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas" >}}).
```

{{< video-embed src="/static/img/docs/canvas-panel/canvas-icon-value-mapping-support-9-3-0.mp4" max-width="750px" caption="Canvas panel icon value mapping support" >}}

## Public dashboards improvements

> 

Author: ```suggestion

We've made the following improvement to public dashboards.

```

### Manage all of your public dashboards in one place

Available in **experimental** in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, and Cloud Advanced

> You can use Public Dashboards to make a given dashboard available to anyone on the internet with no need to sign in. In Grafana v9.3 we have introduced a new screen where you can manage all of your public dashboards. From here, you can view is a list of all of the public dashboards in your Grafana instance, navigate to the underlying dashboard, see if it is enabled, link out to the public version of the dashboard, or update the public dashboard's configuration. You can see a public dashboard's configuration if you have view access to the dashboard itself, and you can edit its configuration if you have the Admin or Server Admin role, or the "Public Dashboard writer" role if you are using RBAC in Grafana Enterprise or Cloud Advanced.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use Public Dashboards to make a given dashboard available to anyone on the internet without needing to sign in. In Grafana v9.3, we have introduced a new screen where you can manage all of your public dashboards. From here, you can view a list of all of the public dashboards in your Grafana instance, navigate to the underlying dashboard, see if it is enabled, link out to the public version of the dashboard, or update the public dashboard's configuration. You can see a public dashboard's configuration if you have view access to the dashboard itself, and you can edit its configuration if you have the Admin or Server Admin role or the "Public Dashboard writer" role if you are using RBAC in Grafana Enterprise or Cloud Advanced.
```

> To check out this new screen and configure your public dashboards, navigate to Dashboards → Public Dashboards. 

Author: ```suggestion
To check out this new screen and configure your public dashboards, navigate to **Dashboards > Public Dashboards**. 
```

> [image public-dashboard-audit-table.png]

Author: Are we adding an image here?

### Choose to display annotations in public dashboards

Available in **experimental** in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, and Cloud Advanced

Annotations are now supported in public dashboards, with the exception of query annotations. They are turned off by default, but can be turned on in your public dashboard settings.

> Note that since Public Dashboards is an experimental feature, you need to enable it in Grafana using the `publicDashboards` [feature toggle]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#feature_toggles" >}}), or open a support ticket requesting public dashboards if you are a Cloud Advanced customer.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that because Public Dashboards is an experimental feature, you need to enable it in Grafana using the `publicDashboards` [feature toggle]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#feature_toggles" >}}), or open a support ticket requesting public dashboards if you are a Cloud Advanced customer.
```

> Learn more about Public Dashboards in our [documentation]({{< relref "../dashboards/dashboard-public/" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
To learn more about public dashboards, refer to [Public dashboards]({{< relref "../dashboards/dashboard-public/" >}}).
```

| ------------------- | ------ | ----- |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | US     | 1520  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | US     | 1327  |

| Time                | Region | Value |
| ------------------- | ------ | ----- |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | EU     | 2936  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | EU     | 912   |

## Reporting: Zoom in and out to fit your data better into a PDF

Generally available in Grafana Enterprise, Cloud Pro, and Cloud Advanced.

Because dashboards appear on a screen and reports are PDFs, it can be challenging to render data just the way you want to. Sometimes the report doesn't show enough columns in a table, or the titles appear too small. Now you can adjust the scale of your report to zoom in and make each text field and panel larger or zoom out to show more data.

The zoom feature is located in the **Format Report** section of your reporting configuration. To learn more about reporting, refer to [Create and manage reports]({{< relref "../dashboards/create-reports/">}}).

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/enterprise/reports/report-zoom.png" max-width="750px" caption="Report zoom feature with PDF documents at three different zoom levels" >}}

## Users and access

> 

Author: ```suggestion

We've made the following improvements to users and access.

```

### OAuth: token handling improvements

Generally available in all editions of Grafana

> As part of our efforts to improve the security of Grafana, we are introducing a long-awaited feature which enhances Grafana's OAuth 2.0 compatibility. When a user logs in using an OAuth provider, Grafana verifies on each request that the user's access token has not expired. When an access token expires, Grafana uses the refresh token provided (if any exists) to obtain a new access token.

Author: ```suggestion
As part of our efforts to improve the security of Grafana, we are introducing a long-awaited feature that enhances Grafana's OAuth 2.0 compatibility. When a user logs in using an OAuth provider, Grafana verifies on each request that the user's access token has not expired. Grafana uses the refresh token provided (if any exists) when an access token expires to obtain a new access token.
```

This feature introduces a breaking change, thus it is behind the `accessTokenExpirationCheck` feature toggle and it is disabled by default. Enabling this functionality without configuring refresh tokens for the specific OAuth provider will sign users out after their access token has expired, and they would need to sign in again every time.

Complete documentation on how to configure obtaining a refresh token can be found on the [authentication configuration page]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/" >}}), in the instructions for your Oauth identity provider.

### Resolve user conflicts in Grafana's CLI

> In older version of Grafana, usernames were case sensitive. This created conflicts, where a user might sign in using two differnt methods (like SAML and oauth) and have two accounts created, like `elastigirl@incredibles.com` and `ElastiGirl@incredibles.com`. Users in this situations might think they have lost their preferences and permissions. If this has occurred in your Grafana instance, you can use a new Grafana CLI command to resolve user identity conflicts between users within Grafana.

Author: ```suggestion
In the older versions of Grafana, usernames were case-sensitive. This created conflicts, where a user might sign in using two different methods (like SAML and OAuth) and have two accounts created, like `elastigirl@incredibles.com` and `ElastiGirl@incredibles.com`. Users in this situation might think they have lost their preferences and permissions. If this has occurred in your Grafana instance, you can use a new Grafana CLI command to resolve user identity conflicts between users within Grafana.
```

when configuring LDAP authentication to prevent the synchronization between your LDAP groups and organization roles
and make user roles editable manually.

### Azure AD OAuth2: New option to always fetch groups from the Graph API

Generally available in all editions of Grafana

If you use Azure AD OAuth2 authentication and use `SecurityEnabled` groups that you don't want Azure to embed in the
authentication token, you can configure Grafana to use Microsoft's Graph API instead.

Use the [`force_use_graph_api` configuration option]({{< relref
"../setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/azuread/#force-fetching-groups-from-microsoft-graph-api" >}})
when configuring Azure AD authentication to force Grafana to fetch groups using Graph API.

### RBAC: List token's permissions

Generally available in Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Advanced

We added a new endpoint to help users diagnose permissions-related issues with user and token authorization.
[This endpoint]({{< relref "../developers/http_api/access_control/#list-your-permissions" >}}) allows users to get the
full list of RBAC permissions associated with their token.

> For more details, see the related service accounts [documentation]({{< relref

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to [Debug the permissions of a service account token]({{< relref
```

"../administration/service-accounts/#debug-the-permissions-of-a-service-account-token" >}}).

### RBAC with Terraform: Extended support for provisioning permissions

Generally available in Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Advanced

> All Grafana users can now use the latest release of [Terraform's Grafana provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs) (version 1.31.1+) to provision [user and team access to service accounts](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/service-accounts/#manage-users-and-teams-permissions-for-a-service-account-in-grafana). This allows full management of service accounts through Terraform - from creating a service account and allowing users to access it to assigning roles to the service account and generating service account tokens.

Author: ```suggestion
All Grafana users can now use the latest release of [Terraform's Grafana provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs) (version 1.31.1+) to provision [user and team access to service accounts]({{< relref "../administration/service-accounts/#manage-users-and-teams-permissions-for-a-service-account-in-grafana" >}}).

This allows full management of service accounts through Terraform - from creating a service account and allowing users to access it to assigning roles to the service account and generating service account tokens.
```

> Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Pro and Advanced users can now provision [access to data sources](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/data-source-management/#data-source-permissions) for Grafana's `Viewer`, `Editor` and `Admin` basic roles, as well as assign `Edit` permission.

Author: ```suggestion
Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Pro and Advanced users can now provision [access to data sources]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/#data-source-permissions" >}}) for Grafana's `Viewer`, `Editor`, and `Admin` basic roles, as well as assign `Edit` permission.
```

> We have also added [documentation on provisioning RBAC roles and role assignments](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/rbac-terraform-provisioning/) to guide our Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Pro and Advanced users through this process.

Author: ```suggestion
We have also added [documentation on provisioning RBAC roles and role assignments]({{< relref "../administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/rbac-terraform-provisioning/" >}}) to guide our Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Pro and Advanced users through this process.
```

---
_build:
  list: false
aliases:
  - /docs/grafana/latest/guides/whats-new-in-v9-3/
description: Feature and improvement highlights for Grafana v9.3
keywords:
  - grafana
  - new
  - documentation
  - '9.3'
  - release notes
title: What's new in Grafana v9.3
weight: -33
---

# What’s new in Grafana v9.3 (Beta)

Welcome to Grafana 9.3. Read What's New to learn all about the latest release. For more detail, refer to the [changelog](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
_build:
  list: false
aliases:
  - /docs/grafana/latest/guides/whats-new-in-v9-3/
description: Feature and improvement highlights for Grafana v9.3
keywords:
  - grafana
  - new
  - documentation
  - '9.3'
  - release notes
title: What's new in Grafana v9.3
weight: -33
---

> # What’s new in Grafana v9.3 (Beta)

Author: ```suggestion
# What’s new in Grafana v9.3
```

> Welcome to Grafana v9.3. If you’d prefer to dig into the details, check out the complete [changelog](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome to Grafana 9.3. Read What's New to learn all about the latest release. For more detail, refer to the [changelog](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).
```

> ## What's New feature template
> 
> Use this template to add your what's new section.
> 
> [Generally available | Available in experimental/beta] in Grafana [Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Free, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced]
> 
> Description. Include an overview of the feature and problem it solves, and where to learn more (like a link to the docs).
> 
> Add a screenshot to the [website/static/static/img/docs](https://github.com/grafana/website/tree/master/static/static/img/docs) folder and link to it here.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Pro and Advanced users can now provision [access to data sources]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/#data-source-permissions" >}}) for Grafana's `Viewer`, `Editor`, and `Admin` basic roles, as well as assign `Edit` permission.

We have also added [documentation on provisioning RBAC roles and role assignments]({{< relref "../administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/rbac-terraform-provisioning/" >}}) to guide our Grafana Enterprise and Cloud Pro and Advanced users through this process.

Finally, we have fixed several access control related bugs to ensure a smoother provisioning experience.

## Alerting

All of these new alerting features are generally available in all editions of Grafana.

### Email templating

We've improved the design and functionality of email templates to make template creation much easier and more customizable. The email template framework utilizes MJML to define and compile the final email HTML output. Sprig functions in the email templates provide more customizable template functions.

> {{< figure src="/static/img/docs/alerting/alert-templates-whats-new-v9.3.png" max-width="750px" caption="Email template redesign" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/alerting/alert-templates-whats-new-v9.3.png" max-width="600px" caption="Email template redesign" >}}
```

---
_build:
  list: false
aliases:
  - /docs/grafana/latest/guides/whats-new-in-v9-3/
description: Feature and improvement highlights for Grafana v9.3
keywords:
  - grafana
  - new
  - documentation
  - '9.3'
  - release notes
title: What's new in Grafana v9.3
weight: -33
---

# What’s new in Grafana v9.3 (Beta)

Welcome to Grafana v9.3. If you’d prefer to dig into the details, check out the complete [changelog](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## What's New feature template

Use this template to add your what's new section.

[Generally available | Available in experimental/beta] in Grafana [Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Free, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced]

Description. Include an overview of the feature and problem it solves, and where to learn more (like a link to the docs).

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Add a screenshot to this enablement material folder and link to it here.
```

---
_build:
  list: false
aliases:
  - /docs/grafana/latest/guides/whats-new-in-v9-3/
description: Feature and improvement highlights for Grafana v9.3
keywords:
  - grafana
  - new
  - documentation
  - '9.3'
  - release notes
title: What's new in Grafana v9.3
weight: -33
---

# What’s new in Grafana v9.3 (Beta)

> Welcome to Grafana v9.3. If you’d prefer to dig into the details, check out the complete [changelog](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome to Grafana v9.3. This document provides an overview of what's new in this release. For more detail, refer to the [changelog](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).
```

Reviewer 3: How about "Welcome to Grafana 9.3. Read the What's New to learn all about the latest release."

Maybe a little more chatty and less formal, directly addressing the user...?

(eventually here we can add: prepare for upgrade, upgrade..?

Author: I like it, thanks.

> ## What's New feature template
> 
> Use this template to add your what's new section.
> 
> [Generally available | Available in experimental/beta] in Grafana [Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Free, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced]
> 
> Description. Include an overview of the feature and problem it solves, and where to learn more (like a link to the docs).
> 
> Add a screenshot to this enablement material folder and link to it here.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Let's delete this line?

## Public Dashboards - Audit Table

> Available in experimental in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced

Author: ```suggestion
This experimental feature is available in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced.
```

> We have a new feature as part of our Public Dashboard efforts. We have introduced a new menu item under Dashboards → Public Dashboards. This new view is a list of all of the public dashboards in your Grafana instance. From here you can navigate to the underlying dashboard, see if it is enabled, get a quick link out to the public version of the dashboard, or get quick access to the configuration. You will be able to see a dashboard if you have view access, you will be able to navigate to the configuration if you have public dashboard privileges (RBAC “Dashboard Public” or ADMIN basic).

Author: ```suggestion
A new menu item in this release under **Dashboards > Public Dashboards** enables you to view a list of all of the public dashboards in your Grafana instance. From this list, you can:
- Navigate to the underlying dashboard, if you have view access
- Determine if a dashboard is enabled
- Link out to the public version of the dashboard
- Access the dashboard configuration (if you have RBAC `Dashboard Public` or Admin basic privileges)
```

[image public-dashboard-audit-table.png]

## Transformations - Partition by values

> Available in experimental in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced

Author: ```suggestion
This experimental feature is available in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced.
```

> This new transformation can help eliminate the need for multiple queries to the same datasource with different WHERE clauses when graphing multiple series. Consider a metrics SQL table with the following data:

Author: ```suggestion
Instead of writing multiple queries, each with a different WHERE clause, the partition by values feature enables you to issue one query and split the results by unique (enum) values from one or more columns (fields) of your choosing.

Consider a metrics SQL table that includes the following data:
```

| Time                | Region | Value |
| ------------------- | ------ | ----- |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | US     | 1520  |
| 2022-10-20 12:00:00 | EU     | 2936  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | US     | 1327  |
| 2022-10-20 01:00:00 | EU     | 912   |

> Prior to v9.3. if you wanted to plot a red trendline for US and a blue one for EU in the same TimeSeries panel, you would likely have to split this into two queries:

Author: ```suggestion
Before v9.3, to plot a red trend line for the US and a blue trend line for the EU in the same TimeSeries panel, you would likely have to split this into two queries:
```

```
   SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > ‘2022-10-20’ AND Region=’US’
   SELECT Time, Value FROM metrics WHERE Time > ‘2022-10-20’ AND Region=’EU’
```

> This also requires you to know ahead of time which regions actually exist in the metrics table.

Author: ```suggestion
This approach also requires you to know ahead of time which regions exist in the metrics table.
```

> With the Partition by values transformer, you can now issue a single query and split the results by unique (enum) values from one or more columns (fields) of your choosing. In this case, Region.

Author: ```suggestion
With the partition by values transformer, you can issue a single query and split the results by unique (enum) values from one or more columns (fields) of your choosing. In this case, Region.
```

## What's New feature template

Use this template to add your what's new section.

[Generally available | Available in experimental/beta] in Grafana [Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Free, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced]

Description. Include an overview of the feature and problem it solves, and where to learn more (like a link to the docs).

Add a screenshot to this enablement material folder and link to it here.

## Public Dashboards - Audit Table

Available in experimental in Grafana Open Source, Enterprise, Cloud Pro, Cloud Advanced

We have a new feature as part of our Public Dashboard efforts. We have introduced a new menu item under Dashboards → Public Dashboards. This new view is a list of all of the public dashboards in your Grafana instance. From here you can navigate to the underlying dashboard, see if it is enabled, get a quick link out to the public version of the dashboard, or get quick access to the configuration. You will be able to see a dashboard if you have view access, you will be able to navigate to the configuration if you have public dashboard privileges (RBAC “Dashboard Public” or ADMIN basic).

[image public-dashboard-audit-table.png]

> ## Public Dashboards - Annotations

Reviewer 4: @chri2547 Added blurb about annotations suppport

Author: super, thank you!
